---
title: "I am Loved"
date: 2022-04-28
tags: ["diary"]
draft: true
---

I'm not diagnosed, but I believe have I at least one of { anxiety, depression, massive insecurity }. I'm always thinking about what others think of me, how they must think I'm awkward or annoyed by my behavior.

For my birthday, my friends threw me a surprise party. I was so oblivious I missed several signs.

* A hidden channel on discord called "smiley-face". It was being used to plan my party. I noticed it after installing a discord plugin to view hidden channels, and was surprised to see my friends server had one. My friends panicked. They claimed it was porn, wiped the history, added me to the channel, then created another hidden channel to continue planning. I saw the 2nd hidden channel as well, but didn't bring it up.
* An armful of pasta. My friend was carrying enough pasta that it was weighing them down. Another friend and I helped them enter their building. I asked why they had so much, and they said another friend of ours who likes cooking needed it.
* The day of, I broke my routine by staying in my room till early afternoon. I left to go study in my friends' lounge. One by one they left until it was just me. I noticed but assumed they were all busy.
* A friend of mine then came asking me to come play board games with some others. I forgot that I committed, and once again I took his invitation at face value.

The party was amazing. All of friends in one place, including teachers. Everyone got thoughtful gifts

* My CV friends bought a wallet with a Tile tracker
* My cambridge friends bought me a shirt
* Danjing baked a cake
* Annaika made pasta and desert
* Lily brought avocado toast from her sorority

They invite me to things, they talk to me, they hug me. Clearly they like me. They're not spending time with me because they're forced too. This whole experience showed me that my friends like me *as i am*. I don't have to do anything for them to like me. Which blows my mind.
