---
title: "Biking Bitch"
date: 2023-05-31T18:35:47-04:00
tags: ['diary']
draft: true
---

My parents are the source of so many of my problems. Latest incident:

My dad got rid of my bike because it was "inconvenient" to bring it back (my parents brought the bike rack). It took him 5 minutes (the time it took to find my bike), to find someone who would take it. I'd been riding this bike for 7 years, and he gave it away in 5 minutes.

At home, my mom became (re)enamoured with the idea of getting a bike for herself and me (she doesn't even ride much smh). Every time this happens, I ignore her because I already my own rinky-dink bike. But now I was bike-less and went along with it.

We went to Store #1 because they had a sale. An employee takes us on, explaining whats on display and answering questions. My mom keeps butting in, explaining what **I** want to them, and asking obvious/beginner questions. This always annoys me. Why would she ask an employee questions that she could google? It feels like a test. When they make a mistake, try to upsell her, or refuse to negotiate, it becomes this black mark against the store and not an example of how corporations/humans operate. Not to mention she could have just asked a trusted third party (friends, websites, etc).

So here I am, explaining what I want, and how I'm not entirely sure what I want due to lack of research. I try 2-3 bikes in succession, including one my mom wanted for herself (but wasn't in the right size). I've settled on a single model (Bike A). However, I balk at the (sale applied) price of ~1k. I suspect I won't get it and ready myself to leave. My mom asked the employee to hold it for us so we can return. I cringe. She always takes advantage when she's the customer. We wont return.

I'm angry that she misled the employee into thinking we were going to make a purchase, when really we were doing research. There's also the additional factors of the sale (it expires in a couple days), and we could also buy a Store #1 membership for $30. I want nothing to do with either of these. The sale is a time crunch on my decision making. I'm angry I didn't have time to do preliminary research _before entering_ the store. The membership means nothing to me (its a small purchase, we can do it later, and it doesn't benefit me). I'm angry that during a purchase for my bike, I have to consider what my mom could get out of it. I'm angry that my mom slowed us down at the store with how slowly she integrates new information from the employee.

We go home. The bike features the employee mentioned gave me leads for research, so the trip wasn't a waste. I do a lot of research and realize the bike my mom put on hold was not the one for me. There is another (Bike B) from the store that is cheaper and better suited to my tastes. So that's it right? The decision is made? I get a bike within price range and my mom gets her store membership? NOO, because tomorrow we're going to Bike Store 2.

Armed with sufficient knowledge, the employees of store 2 and I quickly zero in on what I want (Bike C). I know we're getting a reasonable price (whatever that means under capitalism) because similar models go for similar prices at other stores. Nevertheless, my mom asks the same pointless questions. What model? It says on the frame. She then wastes time googling it. What version? It doesn't say, but the versions are all the same, only minor tweaks. Wastes time googling that. What size? Large. It says on the frame, and you could also use your fucking eyes. There's 3-4 clearly distinguishable sizes.

At the last store (store 1), there was a bike on additional sale because it had a scratch. Here at store 2, theres a bike on additional sale because it is a display model that's been exposed to the elements (still basically unused). In both cases, my mom wastes time haggling, discounting the already generous discounts (10-20%), and the fact that the bikes were within her price range. The haggling is even more annoying given my mom's salary. I understand that haggling is part of the free market, and is generally a good thing (price discovery). My mom is just oblivious to when corporations have more bargaining power and so refuse to negotiate. My mom thinks she's "won" when she finds something online for 2% cheaper. Thanks for the savings Amma.

So we've found what we want at _two_ different stores. Bike B and C are comparable in price and features, and my mom in a similar situation. Now the decision falls entirely to marginal features. My mom struggles with these decisions. How much value will the Store #1 membership be? We could get repairs, refunds, future discounts. Bike C, from store 2, is right on the floor for us to take. In 5 minutes, I decide on bike B (from store 1) because of the membership. Its cheap, _could_ provide value, and (most importantly) gets my mom of my back.

We return from store 2 (once again with a false promise to buy something). I do the online purchase of B, only to discover it is out of stock. I should've come upon this while researching. It would have assuaged my conscience to have purchases something from store 1 after my mom's hold (even if it wasn't the same one).

The next day I call store #1, inform them to take off the hold, and tell the call operator to thank the employee who was with us. Fuck my mom for putting me here.

The next day we return to store #2 to purchase bike C. It is sold. They order another one and we (me) have to wait a few days.

Fuck my mom. I wouldn't have felt this rushed if I had my bike with me. I adapted to her constraints, and was cheated out of purchasing something twice. I did the research. I asked the right questions. I found what I wanted!! I checked the price!

She's a bitch. She's such a bitch that when I get angry at her, she can't even give me the space to be angry. She talks about cOmMuNiCaTiOn, then gets uppity when someone does. It doesn't matter. Polite feedback? "I'll take it under consideration". Strong criticism? "You seem angry, you need to back off". Rudeness? "I'm going to use ur insults as an excuse to ignore everything else you said". Always talk. No change. Bitch.

"I'm growing and changing, I'm not the same person I was X years ago". Yes, I've noticed. Its quite remarkable. You don't hit or scream anymore. You're a lot more polite (though sometimes its fake politeness, not true consideration). You still invade my privacy, disregard my wants, treat me like an extension of yourself, and need to think you're smarter than everyone in the family. It is genuinely incomprehensible to you that I could want something you dont, or want something that conflicts with your wants. You're still a bitch.