---
title: "Mothers Day 2024"
date: 2024-05-12T17:58:32-04:00
description: The day's outing went poorly
tags: ["diary"]
---

It's Mother's Day!
Lets do the default thing and go out for lunch!

== The Outing

I researched restaurants prior, but couldn't find a high-end place that had veg options.
Google Maps was slacking here, we eventually saw many places while driving.

. We went to my mom's choice of restaurant. They only took walk-ins and had a moderate wait (30 mins).
This was too long for my mom.
I respectfully disagree.
+
// cheesecake factory
. We saw / called a couple other nice places.
They were booked out
+
// Seasons 52 and True Food (branded itself as health conscious)
. We decided to go to Thai / Malaysian place.
We'd had good experiences here before.
They didn't handle the mothers' day rush.
They didn't do anything fast enough: clearing tables, seating people, taking orders, serving food, billing.
+
// Penang
+
They prioritized online orders and appetizers.
I don't think this was a good use of their limited kitchen capacity.
+
Several family walked out at various stages: before seating, after being seated, after getting appetizers.
We left after getting our appetizers and waiting an hour for our main courses.
. Finally, my brother was still hungry so we went to Panera for him.

== How I Felt
The cascading failures (restaurant researching, pointless waiting and searching, feeding my brother) set me on edge.

My mind was racing.
Background music and my mother's speech annoyed me.
I wanted to get out and go home as fast as possible.

== How I recovered

We came home.
My brother and mother went out to hang with their friends.
I had the house to myself.

I did some stretches.
It was very calming.
I didn't due it for that reason, I was trying to fix my posture and some back pain and just kept going.